[Apache] Update grok pattern for accepting user-identity (#9632)
elastic/integrations: packages/apache/docs/README.md

| Field | Description | Type |
|---|---|---|
| @timestamp | Event timestamp. | date |

> | apache.access.identity | The RFC 1413 identity of the client determined by identd on the clients machine. | keyword |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apache.access.identity | The client's identity, as specified in RFC 1413, determined by the identd on the client's machine. | keyword |
```

Better?

> | apache.access.identity | The user identity associated with the event, as determined by RFC 1413 identd protocol on the client's machine. | keyword |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apache.access.identity | The user identity associated with the event, as determined by RFC 1413 ident protocol on the client's machine. | keyword |
```

Author: We took this description from oficial [document here](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/logs.html#:~:text=client%20determined%20by-,identd,-on%20the%20clients).

Reviewer: > In this case, the information that is not available is the RFC 1413 identity of the client determined by identd on the clients machine.

Then the sentence is incorrect here in our README. ident is the protocol. identd is a daemon for providing the ident service.

Remove the protocol from the sentence then.

Reviewer: So either keep `identd` or make it `ident protocol`. `identd` internally would use `ident protocol` only.
